Update environmentVarableColon.md - correct line break / fragment (#33429)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/includes/environmentVarableColon.md

> The `:` separator doesn't work with environment variable hierarchical keys on all platforms. `__`, the double underscore, is supported by all platforms. For example, the `:` separator is not supported by [Bash](https://linuxhint.com/bash-environment-variables/), but `__` is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `:` separator doesn't work with environment variable hierarchical keys on all platforms. For example, the `:` separator is not supported by [Bash](https://linuxhint.com/bash-environment-variables/). The double underscore, `__`, is:
* Supported by all platforms.
* Automatically replaced by a colon, `:`.
```
See the original version of this here: https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/pull/11731/files
